- NORMALLY,
AROUND THIS TIME OF YEAR,
I SEND MY WRITER AMY ALONE
TO A HAUNTED HOUSE,
BUT THIS YEAR, I DISCOVERED
SOMETHING EVEN BETTER:
SENDING MY PRODUCER ANDY
WITH HER.
LAST WEEK, I SENT THEM BOTH
TO THE HALLOWEEN HORROR NIGHTS
AT UNIVERSAL STUDIOS.
IT WAS EVEN BETTER
THAN I IMAGINED
IN MY WILDEST DREAMS.
IT ALREADY HAS OVER
4.5 MILLION HITS ON YOUTUBE.
AND THE OTHER DAY, I THOUGHT,
"WELL, LET'S KEEP DOING THIS."
SO I SENT THEM BOTH TO
THE QUEEN MARY'S DARK HARBOR...
[cheers and applause]
WHICH APPARENTLY
IS EVEN SCARIER,
WHICH MAKES ME EVEN HAPPIER.
LET'S WATCH.
[sinister carnival music]
- HI, ELLEN.
WE'RE AT THE QUEEN MARY'S
DARK HARBOR,
AND ANDY AND I ARE ABOUT TO GO
THROUGH THE CIRCUS MAZE.
- IT'S CALLED THE CIRCUS MAZE?
- ARE YOU READY?
- WE'RE GOOD.
- OKAY.
ANDY, YOU HAVE TO GO FIRST.
OH, NO!
I DON'T WANT TO DO THIS.
ANDY!
- IT'S FINE.
WE'RE GOOD.
- I DON'T LIKE THIS ONE.
ANDY.
I DON'T LIKE THIS.
- IT'S JUST MIRRORS.
- [screams]
NO!
NO.
I CAN SEE IT.
- IT'S FINE.
IT'S FINE.
- [screams]
- IT'S FUNNY.
HA-HA!
IT'S FUNNY.
HONESTLY, JUST--
FUNNY.
OKAY.
- OH, MY GOD.
ANDY!
- WE-- MIRRORS.
GOT IT.
- ANDY, GO, GO.
ANDY, GO.
- IS THIS NORMAL?
- [screams]
[all screaming]
- AMY.
- [screams]
OH, MY GOD.
- GO.
[both scream]
- HOW MUCH--
- OKAY.
- HI.
OKAY.
ONCE I SEE 'EM--
- GO, GO, GO.
- ONCE YOU SEE 'EM,
IT'S NOT BAD.
IT'S THE--
- [screams]
- ARE WE--
IS THIS THE RIGHT WAY?
OKAY.
- WHERE'D THAT CHICK GO?
[screams]
[all screaming]
YOU GO!
GO!
ANDY!
- I SEE YOU.
I KNOW YOU'RE THERE.
- [cackling]
- HELLO?
- STOP.
- [screams]
[both laugh]
- THANK GOD WE MADE IT.
[all scream]
WE'RE GOOD.
WE GOT IT.
- ONCE THEY'RE OUT--
- YEAH.
- [screams]
- STOP.
GO.
STOP.
- [screams]
- GET OUT.
- STOP!
WE SAW YOU!
- OKAY.
- DO YOU KNOW
WHERE YOU'RE GOING?
- NO, I DON'T--
'CAUSE I DON'T--
- [growling]
- OH, GOD.
OKAY.
OKAY, NO.
I SEE YOU.
[whip cracks]
WE'RE GOOD.
I'M GOOD.
[all scream]
- OKAY.
GOT IT.
I SAW YOU.
GOOD.
GOOD WORK.
- ANDY, PLEASE WAIT FOR ME.
- I'M--WHERE AM I GOING?
WE'RE IN A CIRCLE!
[whip cracks]
- [cackling]
- [screams]
ANDY!
- JUST--
- ANDY!
- [screams]
- ANDY.
ANDY?
[both scream]
- THAT'S IT?
WE'RE GOOD?
- OKAY.
I THINK WE'RE GOOD.
ALL RIGHT, NOW.
- I DID IT.
[all scream]
- ANDY.
- OKAY.
STOP IT, YOU [bleep] WEIRDO!
THANK YOU.
- THANK YOU.
[cheers and applause]
- OH, WE'LL BE RIGHT BACK
WITH ALLISON SWEENEY.
[cheers and applause]